hello everyone today i am going to help
miley cyrus to twerk a ball so let's
work it all and let's get a high score
bitches so on let's try this and well
wish me luck as well since i never did
this before okay let's go this is this
should be really easy like no it isn't i
could also work with my ass look at this
i'm going to stand on my chair yeah like
that I have no bowl here so i can't
really do the ball thing well look at
the face mine is like oh yes yes hey
okay i'm better at this number it's
stuck aha come on you can even share
this on Facebook with your friends I
would shame for even sharing this I'm
twerk specialist so I can handle this I
can handle this no problem no problem
what is that kind of ball it looked like
some kind of bowling melon ball thing
that's that's what I ain't about browser
games they are so useless you can't even
change the sensitivity of this game like
everything is going so fast Miley stop
looking like that why are you so worried
there's no ending on this game like it's
it's an endless game it's so addictive I
have to place oh here I'm a twerking
proud to work at my t twerk it I know
you hear me smashing my keyboard I know
I'm sorry what is wrong with you yeah
loop loop with your face like that like
you have nothing to do with this yes Oh
brainwashed by the music not even it's
working Miley like or as
liked working around stand nothing
better on the internet I'm not a bad
side of internet again like every day
I'm on a bad side a bit of the internet
like if I saw a duck talking as last
video of the day then I had enough
internet for today and this is a game
like if you play this you had enough
internet for today anyway it was fun to
play and I want to thank you guys for
watching and if you want you can
subscribe you can like and you can
comment below what i should play next so
maybe at some kind of weird game like
this then we can play that as well
anyway I want to thank you guys for
watching and I see you guys as always
next time